Improved PR Template and Added Updated Issues Templates (Bug Report, Feature Request, General Question/Help Needed) with Contact Links (#561)
XengShi/materialYouNewTab: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

> ## 📌 Pull Request Description

Reviewer: since there is only one pr template, there might be issue, I suggest to move out from the folder

Reviewer: Nice.. now it is reflecting the template when I tried drafting PR on your repo.. earlier it wasn't

> ## 📌 Pull Request Description

Author: Where that came from 🗿
Wait i will remove it.

Please provide a clear and concise description of the changes introduced in this PR and their purpose.

## 🎨 Visual Changes (Screenshots / Videos)
If applicable, attach relevant screenshots or screen recordings showcasing the modifications.

## 🔗 Related Issues
- Closes #<issue_number> (if this PR fixes an issue)
- Related to #<issue_number> (if applicable)

## ✅ Checklist
- [ ] I have read and followed the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/XengShi/materialYouNewTab/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> - [ ] I have tested my changes thoroughly to ensure expected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have tested my changes by installing them as an extension (not just running via localhost or opening as a file) to ensure expected behavior.
```
